shai.gindin, yoav
shai gindin (301315537), yoav levy (314963257)
EX: 2

FILES:
    Thread.h -- Header file of the class representing the thread.
    Thread.cpp -- The translation unit of the Thread class.
    uthreads.cpp -- The translation unit of the uthreads.h file, which implements all the
                    user thread functionallities, as requested in the exercise pdf.
    makefile - the makefile which generates libuthreads.a 

REMARKS:
No special remarks this time.

ANSWERS:
    1. For example Let's say there is an application that usually is doing calculations 
       like multiplying matrices, but also there is a queue that can add more matrices to work on.
       It might be easier (or cleaner) to implement with two threads, one that will
       calculate the matrix multiplications, and the other a "listener" will check the queue 
       every now and then, and re orders the matrices.
       The advantages of creating such threads are a more cleaner and easier to read implementation
       also, the calculations could be quicker if the listener will also reorder the matrices
       in such way that the multiplication will take less time to calculate.
       One thing to notice is that user level threads are faster when dealing with programs that
       doesn't use syscalls, and does use calculations,
       therefore user level threads are a reasnable choise. 
    2. One of the advantages of creating a new process for each tab is that if either one of 
       these processes crashes, it will just crash that one, in oppose to creating a new
       kernel-level thread for each tab, where when one thread crashes it might crash the whole
       process.
       The disadvantage is the huge overhead comes with it. by creating a new process for each 
       tab, we copy the entire relevant code section, and allocate a new space for the stack.
       note that each process will take a segnificant amount of ram memory, and also, by not
       using kernel-level threads we lose the speed that kernel-level threads will provide. 
    3. In the beginning we opened the application "Shotwell" this opened a new process,
       with some  PID, after that we wrote the following command "kill pid",
       and every key-stroke triggered a hardware interrupt which in turns made the cpu to execute
       the relevant code from the os kernel to handle this interuppt, and the os will send signal 
       to the shell application to wake up and handle the received key-strokes.
       now after pressing the 'ENTER' key, the same operation occured.
       And now the shell proccess will trigger a syscall (the kill syscall) and this in turns 
       will make the OS to send a signal (SIGTERM signal) to the relevant process, which is 
       the "Shotwell" process.
       SIGTERM is a signal that "Shotwell" might catch and handel or by default the os will
       handle it for him. 
    4. The real time measures the actual clock time, but the virtual time measures only the
       time a process spent executing in the CPU (running).
       In example, if we will want to count the time of the execution of the whole program 
       I would use the REAL time to measure it, but on the other hand if we want to see how much 
       time does the process spent running on the cpu I would use the virtual time to measure it.
