ofirl, amitpariz
Ofir Leibovitz (205611171), Amit Parizian (203529672)
EX: 4

FILES:
whatsappServer.hpp -- a header file for the server class.
whatsappServer.cpp -- a source file implementing the server, which handles connection requests 
of clients and their requests.
whatsappClient.hpp -- a header file for the client class.
whatsappClient.cpp -- a source file implementing the client. 
whatsappio.h -- a header file for the whatsappio file.
whatsappio.cpp -- a source file used for printing and parsing messages. 
Makefile -- used to compile the program (both the server and the client).

REMARKS:
The answer to Part 2 is below.

ANSWERS:

1a. The only change is adding another case in the requests handling functio, so that
the command can be sent properly to the server.
1b. As with other client requests, another case is added to handle this request, making sure 
the client left the named group and erasing it if it remains empty.

2. Because TCP is connection oriented, and it is more reliable since it check for error.
In case of communications it is more sensable to be reliable since it is important for messages to 
arrive as they should to the recepient.

3. One example is voice over IP (VOIP) (like voice calls over skype for example). UDP is preffered since it has lower overhead.
That is very important since voice conversations are very quick (messages has to be
sent and received almost instantly), so delay should be minimized. Also, reliabilty 
is less important since one end can always ask the other to repeat what he said.
Another example is media streaming. For the same reasons as before, delay should be
minimized, and if some frames from a video were lost, it is okay since it probably won't 
be noticed.

4. Such system can hold a log file into which it logs every operation that was performed. After a crash, we can
reboot the system, and by parsing the log file, the system will be able to restore all data lost until
last log by reperforming logged operations. Some data may be lost, for example if an operation was performed
but the system crashed before it was logged (so there will be no way to restore it).

